welcome to your mom's house
no mr. Garrett's dollars from Dallas
Texas I've been in the game since
nineteen motherfuckin 88 oh yeah man mr.
diamond invited me to a some through
Christmas joke about some points in the
after pill oh come on ask me some
questions so this is the ask yeah she's
a pimp this is the aspect pen segment
people asked this guy pimp questions and
he filled it out this episode - this
girl cool
so she's a female pimp so the alt pieces
of shit coming all yeah sexes oh yeah
colors and varieties there's no end to
the exploiter you understand what I just
put my hands on him like right it's a
good question is actually a really good
question yeah he's saying he's got a
couple of hoes right sometimes they
don't fall in line what do you do
without hitting them I like what you're
translating I understand you spoke
English okay well I think I want to just
clarify I just want to clarify for peace
speaking jive is like the airplane I
want to clarify what really he's looking
for right as far as he's looking for
business direction usually for a
non-violent HR solution right yeah - hos
not sing right keep a bitch in the fog
it's different strokes for different you
know pimps so they understand it from
the get-go
he might have to hit the bitch a couple
of times you know I know what Kim had to
kick a bitch in the head before she get
her understanding but see I don't roll
like that because I want to have the
same because I I had this table it's
gonna be more money in your pocket you
know pepper hose eat sand Holmes don't
understand they should girl Dallas
kicking up a list of diamond Oh ass
Kapil hi legs out of my that's great
advice
it is really thoughtful I like that she
actually said that one guy had to kick a
bitch in the head but then she got it
like that until she you know right
that's what it took for her to get some
people but some people just need to get
fat some people yeah some people do need
I thought you'd say something we'll need
an ass-kicking to understand all right
and then she's like some other bitches
they just want like a six-piece McNugget
and then they're happy right it's how
she's saying I didn't hear that so maybe
I didn't understand the guy blacc speak
on this one you need translate max I
think we're just talking jive so in this
excuse me sir I speak Jeff rose this
1973 no this is a you speaking drive
this is this is a really great advice
though yeah is that it is different
strokes for different she's a different
stroke same pants yeah so there's you
know with different stuff yeah that'd be
a good TV show - it's good advice though
different strokes different you know
what the best advice that she had for
for all the pimps out there yeah and I
think this goes for just anybody that
has people working for them is that
happy hos a happy stable is a bit more
productive that's true so as you saying
you know happy hos eat sad hoes don't
write you you want them to be happy well
I thought that's what she meant you got
to keep him fed yeah yeah I keep him
happy and keep them happy six piece
nuggets and that's all you got to do for
some bitches oh that's all I would need
as a hoe I can divide that for you yeah
I could write aggregation Nuggets right
now will you bring back some money from
the track yes you do well out there
really do you think I'm a little old for
hoeing nah bro you think I'm a blonde
white bitch no I'm a little on the
chunkier side for the most of us on the
streets a lot of love you know what I
would do high high-end hooking that's
the way to do it think so no I wouldn't
fuck with Street walking I would go to
Vegas and I would do only like Japanese
businessmen and stuff you make it happen
no I'd love to help you make your dreams
really bad sure this is the year the
2016 we start hoeing
yeah start hoeing now